faq: update link format (#1178)
pingcap/docs: faq/tidb.md

#### How to scatter the hotspots?

> In TiDB, data is divided into Regions for management. Generally, the TiDB hotspot means the Read/Write hotspot in a Region. In TiDB, for the table whose primary key (PK) is not an integer or which has no PK, you can properly break Regions by configuring `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` to scatter the Region hotspots. For details, see the introduction of `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` in [TiDB Specific System Variables and Syntax](/sql/tidb-specific.md#shard_row_id_bits).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In TiDB, data is divided into Regions for management. Generally, the TiDB hotspot means the Read/Write hotspot in a Region. In TiDB, for the table whose primary key (PK) is not an integer or which has no PK, you can properly break Regions by configuring `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` to scatter the Region hotspots. For details, see the introduction of `SHARD_ROW_ID_BITS` in [TiDB Specific System Variables and Syntax](/dev/reference/configuration/tidb-server/tidb-specific-variables.md#shard_row_id_bits).
```
